- Madoff: The Monster of Wall Street

A few observations from the new documentary about Bernie Madoff.

The SEC seems awful. They looked at this case multiple times and failed to act even when they were given a complete analysis of the situation by a righteous derivatives analyst named Harry Markopolos. This guy literally wrote a document called THE WORLD'S LARGEST HEDGE FUND IS A FRAUD, which detailed more than 30 red flags and showed that Madoff's returns were mathematically impossible. The SEC's inability to shut down Madoff after all of these opportunities reeks of either extreme incompetence or some kind of implicit collusion.

It's unclear how Madoff thought he was going to get away with it. I don't understand how he ever planned to exit and win this scam. Perhaps there was some endgame, but it wasn't clear from the documentary.

The way the situation unwound, legally, is pretty interesting. The trustee—the guy who has to sort out all the assets and liabilities—was a guy named Irving Picard. Picard identifies which of Madoff's clients profited from their relationship with Madoff. Those profits are technically ill-gotten gains. Picard sues those clients to "claw back" their money, and he is incredibly successful. He clawed back more than 14 billion of the total 19 billion dollars that Madoff took from investors. The thing is, many of these clients were just normal, middle-class families who got duped by Madoff and now all of a sudden they're losing their retirement funds. Meanwhile, Irving Picard through this process earns more than a billion dollars in fees!

Finally, JPMorgan Chase. They had the clearest view on Madoff's dealings of anyone in the world because Madoff held the ponzi bank account with them. Due to laws such as the Bank Secrecy Act, banks have to monitor all large transactions by their clients. They're legally bound to know what's going on. And this bank account had billions of dollars in it, with millions going in and out to simulate the activity of a legitimate operation. It seems unlikely that JPMorgan Chase was not, on some level, privy to what Madoff was doing. But JPMorgan Chase is essentially more powerful than the government, so they get away with anything. "A 20-year long RAP sheet that includes at least 80 major legal actions that have resulted in over $39 billion in fines and settlements... wide-ranging, predatory, and recidivist lawbreaking... from 1998 through 2019."
