- My name is Ghost 23. That was the name given to me at birth. It sounds strange I know. Which parent would name their child like that? Well the truth is I am no one's child. I am simply a clone created by the American government. I was cloned from a Bulgarian woman's DNA sample and have been trained since birth. The only difference between me and regular people is that I am physically and mentally superior due to the modified DNA. Now you're gonna ask "Why would the government make clones?" The answer is quite simple. We clones are cheap to make, superior to humans and as docile and obedient as you can get. We were made with the sole purpose of cheap slave labor. The total count of clones is around 1% of the whole world population. Not every clone is the same. We are all made from different DNA samples and are trained and modified differently for different jobs. And of course there are those of us who are made for everything. I am one of the clones made for all kinds of tasks. I can go through the whole list but I just simply don't have that time. My next training session is starting soon. So I will just explain why I am given such a stupid name. Every clone has their own nickname like "Ghost", "Forrester", "Hunter", "Lucky" etc. These nicknames are chosen by the scientists who created us. The numbers on the back are simply our birth dates. For example: I was officially born (or created) on the 23th of June 1996 there for my birth number is 23. I was born a female and as you may have already guessed I am currently fourteen years old, you can recognize me by my black as pitch hair, blue ocean eyes, freckles all over my face and the wide scar that goes across my face. That's all the time I have for today but I will return at a later day.