- During our work shift today something interesting happened. Its stated as a regular boring day observing all the cells and the creatures in them to make sure non are planning to escape. "This is gonna be fun," said Fury sarcastically. His face had annoyance written all over it. I asked him "What is?" He quickly responded with "General Black will come to check on how us clones are working." I said "We are doing our job correctly so I don't know what you're so upset about." Fury giggled and told me "I think that your scientist should have called you Slave 2.0 since you're all about memorizing the protocol and following the rules." I knew he was joking because he has always loved to make jokes about our possition as slaves of the government. I am just simply trying to do my best to not get killed by the system. Fury on the other hand was quite rebellious he liked to cause trouble. One time he had so many strikes on his record that if I hadn't snacked myself into the office were they kept our records and deleted his he would have already been sent to get destroyed. In case you were wondering my scientist called me Ghost because I was special when It came to sneak attacks, ambushes, traps and escaping. In my earliest years I escaped 20 times. The reason why I didn't get destroyed was because my scientist took the blame and so she was demoted to a simple janitor. However my skills proved useful when it came to tracking down escapists or finding holes into security so she quickly got her job back because it was assumed she thought me all that. Don't give my scientist hell for using me to get her job back, she is like a mother to me because she always made sure that I'd get the easier way out of the tests. Other clones went and are still going through far worse than I did. Besides my scientist kept buying me presents and taking care of me like I was her own daughter. Sadly I never got to learn her name as attachments were forbidden in my home lab. This whole caring thing had to go in secret otherwise we both would have gotten punished. Anyway Im going out of context. What happened was that many of the creatures started escaping and killing anyone who they saw. I took my shotgun and started blasting at them to give the people and clones caught by them to escape. I had only taken the stun bullets because I am forbidden to kill no matter what. Fury was covering my back while we went through the whole 09 containment block and stopped any creature attacking the staff. We finally went in the research part of the 09 block. The problem in there was that a failed dinosaur experiment had broken loose and started attacking the people and clones working at in the room. We were in a predicament since we had to choose between saving our friends or saving 2 human scientists who rankwise were far superior than them. Of course we chose saving our friends. The aftermath of the incident was 4 human casualties and 12 clone casualties. I was furious to say the least as the humans had used our kind to get to safety while the clones were being ripped apart. Sadly I couldn't do anything about it. Or I can't do anything about it right now anyway.
