- A lot has happened since my last entry here. Violet and Izia were both made senior research experts which was one of the greatest honors given to a clone. They now could make inventions to help mankind progress and maybe someday that same progress could win freedom for our people. Fury was made chief of security which means he is responsible for basically everything that happens in the laboratory when it came to the well being of everyone in the facility. And now you maybe wondering: what happened to me? Well in the January and May we had many problems with escaping creatures which lead to many casualties. I managed to get them all back into their cells and even the ones who somehow managed to get back on the surface - I tracked those down too and got then back in the laboratory. Because of my skills I was promoted to a monster hunter which ment I could go outside whenever I am called on duty and track down to either kill or contain the target. My first capture was a Chinese dragon which had escaped from a facility in Japan. Thankfully I managed to track it down and contain it before any damage was done. The dragons have thick scales which makes it impossible for a dart filled with sleep chemicals to get into the bloodstream and actually do something. I had to gas the damn thing with the sleeping agent. So I did. I scared it off with bright flashing lights and loud sounds into a forested area away from civilization there I had set a gas bomb with a detector which set it off as soon as the dragon went near it. When it comes to my first kill I had go and kill a pack of skinwalkers which wasn't an easy task. I had to use some fresh meat to lure them into the trap. So I did just that. I killed some sheep and cows gutted them so the smell would attract the skinwalkers and placed them near the cave where they had nested. I hid on the top of a far away tree and loaded my sniper rifle. When the creatures came out I waited for them to start eating then waited some more for them to get so focused on eating that they wouldn't be aware of their surroundings. That's when I shot. Bang. Bang. Bang. Three of the ten creatures fell down. The other skinwalkers were so confused they started looking around searching for me but they could find me. Bang. Bang. Bang. Bang. Four more of the creatures dropped dead. The skinwalkers started running away afraid. But my trigger finger was quicker. Bang. Bang. Bang. The rest dropped dead as well. Those are just two of my missions but sadly that's all I can say here as most of my other missions were classified. I am just gonna say that these missions had me cleaning up the queen's bullshit.
