- The latest tasks weren't bearable! I was tasked with killing people and covering it up. I had to kill 12 agents who had escaped and 30 military deserters who just wanted to see their families. At this point people are using me as a hitman to kill those who speak out against the system. I don't hunt monsters and demons anymore! I'm used to hunt humans and clones! And lately all my missions are only titled with "Execute Target" then they give the nane age and appearance and where their were last seen. Also my capture missions were to take children for experimenting! My job is going out of what it's originally for. I used to be so excited when I took it now I'm angered by all the things I am forced to do. It's all Black's fault. He is the one who is giving me all those jobs. Ever since my owner (my scientist) was forced to sell me to Black I have been nothing but his personal hitman. I am sick of my job but I cannot just quit. Black would just find someone else to kill me. Anyway at least there are a few things going on alright for now. Violet and Fury got together. Fury was so nervous the whole week he was just asking me for advice it was so funny! He confessed just yesterday and Violet was quite surprised but she did except as she was quite fond of him too. I am so happy for them mainly because they are my best friends and we've been through hell together. Also my scientist was transferred to this lab's research center which was one of the most important parts of the whole building. And I finally managed to learn her name. Blair. Her name is Blair. I am so happy to finally know the name of my mother and now since she isn't my owner we can openly show that we are mother and daughter. Attachments in Saint Peter lab were forbidden only when it came to clones falling in love with humans same for the other way around. However mother - daughter type of attachments weren't forbidden so it was no problem for me to call her mom.
