- I found out what was happening with the clone disappearances. I followed one of the human scientists into the deepest part of the laboratory. It wasn't easy and I had to make fake documents and steal scientist clothing from the laundry room, but the important thing is that I got in. This was a zombie containment block. There were many different types with the most common one being the walker or your regular slow dumbass zombie. But there were some really dangerous ones like the puker or the bloater. There were also animal zombies like zombie dogs, cats, bears, tigers, deer, sheep etc. There was a whole army of them. So many that even I couldn't count. But the one that caught my attention was the "memory type zombie" or zombie 501. These ones were strong fast agile and could use weapons such as firearms baseball bats axes knifes etc. They could even use tools to construct their own weapons. These weren't simple zombies. They were clones infected with the virus. The virus mutates differently in different bodies but it makes every clone a zombie 501. I was going to get sick. The scientists weren't just simply infecting clones... they were throwing them in cells with zombies to see the results... I got most of the information by listening to the scientists but I found a computer with all the zombie types all the victims all the symptoms of the infection and all the ways to kill the undead. I downloaded all the files on a flash drive and quickly snuck out before anyone could notice who I really was.
