- The last few months have been really tough on me. Since I am one of the "specialized for everything" clones the scientists and commanding officer of the laboratory have really high expectations on me and I do NOT want to let them down. The reason for that is every clone born with a disability or not being able to achieve what is suspected of them are being sent to secret camps for their destruction. I can't allow myself to fail otherwise I'd be one of those who met their end in a god forsaken edge of this world. The training I had to go through was mostly physical. I was tested on how much weight I can lift with more and more pressure constantly being added. I somehow managed to pass without getting squashed into a bloody corpse. The other training if you can call it that was test of immunity. I was being constantly injected with all kinds of viruses, bacteria and poisons. Thank God I was created with a strong immune system otherwise I would have already died from that. The next test was heath resistance. They litterally put me in a chamber without an exit which constantly kept changing temperature with the lowest being -100 degrees Celsius and the hottest being +100 degrees Celsius! I don't know how I survived that. When the temperatures went that extreme I litterally felt like I was going to freeze then melt. That test continued 9 days of constant temperature change. After that I had to go to my psychiatrist who would check on my mentality after all that. Luckily I didn't show any symptoms of any mental problems. Now I know you're probably gonna say that this sounds like hell that I went through. Yes these tests are quite thought and I have to go through them every once in a while. However this test period wasn't that bad. I actually managed to make some friends. The people I befriended were Violet 506, Fury 996 and Izia 1216. Since we were all born in the same year and were all "specialized in everything" clones we got close really fast. Violet 506 was called that because of her natural purple eyes and purple dyed hair. Fury is a strong male clone with black brown eyes and red hair, who had very big anger issues there for he was named Fury. Izia is a blond female clone with green eyes, she was named Izia after the deceased daughter of the scientist who created her. Well that's all I went through this time next year I will be able to start my job. Ghost out.