- I saw Izia getting punched by one of the other scientists who work at her place. All she did was speak up her mind. She told them that what they were doing is dangerous but they told her to shut up and leave them alone. She insisted and then one of them turned around and said "I don't think a clone should tell her superiors what to do." To which she responded with "You're the inferior one here. I was bred, trained and raised for this job. While you took it with your daddy's money-" He got angry and punched her in the face. She stepped back and said "I have went through worse than that nothing you do can hurt me as the people who experimented on me back on my home laboratory." He was going to punch her again but I stepped in grabbing his wrist and stopping him from hitting her. "Let go off me you dumb bitch!" he yelled while trying to free himself. I asked "Whose superior now you stupid human?" Then I squeezed so hard I could hear his bone crack. He yelled in pain and pleaded for me to let him go. So I did and then I punched him so hard I shattered his jaw. His colleagues were watching in horror unable to move as the only way out was past me. "Ghost that's enough" said Izia with surprisingly calm voice. I nodded and looked at the others. I placed the finger to my mouth making the "stay quiet" gesture. So they did. Non of them spoke up about what happened. They were smart. I knew their faces and if they had tried to say anything about what happened... we let's just say they won't be able to even open their mouth as it would be filling with their blood.
